Hi Jack,
 
My comment on the feedforward chapter are up on my web area to download:
http://www-pnp.physics.ox.ac.uk/~christian/forJack/
 
I’ve actually read this through twice now, and it is good, but quite long winded in places. I have a few general comments on it below:
 
I think the structure still needs a bit of tweaking, I wouldn’t suggest to change the text as written very much, modulo the some of the individual
comments in the pdf. Being the results chapter it is probably the most important one in the thesis and needs to be very clear and concise. Despite
being relatively short, there is quite a lot there, and I found it quite difficult to keep in mind the main points of each section on going from one
section to the next, and had to keep jumping back often. Whilst going through I did feel that the main sections should be 1) Results; i.e. the results
on the ‘best’ dataset, as you currently have. Perhaps also bringing in the time-history plots of all datasets (or even starting with this); 
2) Discussion: discussion of what limits the performance of the system, eg the beam conditions (drifts, correlations, jitter magnitude/ratio etc),
gain and offset optimisation (which you already have) , but also ultimately the resolution (this is not mentioned in this chapter, but maybe it should
be – i.e. that the system performance is close to the resolution limit that could be achieved with perfect correlation and jitter ratio; 3) Future
Improvements (though I have forgotten now what the ideas were that would go in this section).
 
As it stands, it pretty much already takes this form, but the section ‘Correction on Longer Time Scales’ is a bit of a misnomer, as it applies equally
well to short timescales – I suppose it was kind of luck that the 15:38 dataset had such a good jitter ratio compared to 15:26 for example, and that
 the offset and gain were fairly well optimised. One thing that doesn’t really come through, when discussing the mis-optimisation of the gain, is
 that (I at least) originally naively expected that we would set some value for the gain which would be roughly constant, and not that the downstream jitter
 would be wildly fluctuating, and that we would adjust the gain to track this. Of course it makes sense to do this, if the jitter can’t be stabilised, but
 unfortunately looking at say fig14 it looks like we just did not bother to set the gain up correctly for most datasets. Clearly though the ‘nominal’ gain
 (unit gain) was the correct gain for when the beam conditions allowed, as at 15:38.
 
One other question I had, was how much energy and drifts in R56 affected this data. There is no explicit mention of it in this chapter. Presumably
 it is quite small, as the correlations remain above 80-85% throughout the run, or were constantly tuning for this?  
 
The bit that doesn’t fit the structure suggested above is the Combined Results and Simulations subsection (currently called “Results”).
 This is clearly important and needs to come after the discussion on offsets and gain optimisation – perhaps it should be a third main section?
 
Anyway these are just a few ideas, maybe we can discuss tomorrow briefly, but I do think the chapter needs a little rejigging to flow a bit more easily.
 
I will see if you are on Skype once we finish the ATF meeting tomorrow.
 
Cheers,
 
Glenn.
